# Kong Module version 1.1.0

SIGHUP team maintains this module updated and tested.
That is the main reason why we worked on this new release. With the Kubernetes 1.21 release, it became the perfect time
to start testing this module against this Kubernetes release.

Continue reading the Changelog to discover them:

## Changelog

- Update Kong from version `v0.8.1` to `v1.3.1`.
  - Updated example to make it working with the new version. Read the [Breaking Change Section](#braking-changes)
  - Moved container images to use our own [registry](https://registry.sighup.io).
- Kubernetes support:
  - Deprecate Kubernetes 1.17 support.
  - Kubernetes 1.20 is considered stable.
  - Add tech-preview support to Kubernetes 1.21.

## Upgrade path

To upgrade this module from `v1.0.0` to `v1.1.0`, you need to download this new version, then apply the
`kustomize` project. No further action is required.

```bash
kustomize build katalog/kong | kubectl apply -f -
```

### Braking changes

**TL;DR**
Move your annotation from:

- `configuration.konghq.com` -> **`konghq.com/override`**
- `plugins.konghq.com` -> **`konghq.com/plugins`**
- `configuration.konghq.com/protocols` -> **`konghq.com/protocols`**
- `configuration.konghq.com/protocol` -> **`konghq.com/protocol`**
- `configuration.konghq.com/client-cert` -> **`konghq.com/client-cert`**

-------

There are some breaking changes regarding the usage of `KongIngress` resources in `Services` and `Ingress`.
If you were using the following annotation *(as an example)*:

```yaml
    configuration.konghq.com: route-customization
```

You'll need to change to:

```yaml
    konghq.com/override: route-customization
```

We recommend reading the following links to better undertand how to migrate your kong annotations:

- [Deprecations warning](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#deprecations-1)
- [Deprecation PR](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/pull/873/files#diff-777e08783d63482620961c4f93a1e1f6)
- [Deprecated](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#breaking-changes-2)
